hey I'm back first let me say hello to
all my new subscribers and hate all my
old subscribers tell you a little bit
about myself for the new people so old
people sorry you can fast forward I am I
am a long time transition or what that
means is I decided not to do the big
chop and just to grow my relaxer out and
took me about 20 months and I had a few
mini chops in between so there wasn't
like a big chop there was a big mini
chopped that meant a lot to me and other
people with it really didn't matter but
to me it it mattered and I chose the
long term transition and I chose to
share my videos because I didn't see
anyone who was doing a long time
transition on youtube and i figured i'd
be the first are one of the first just
to document my experience and i didn't
see a lot of ladies will my texture
transitioning so that's why i started
making videos in the first place you can
check those old videos out i'll upload
them when i get a chance to to my new
page but my old page was baby tutu fat
and I don't even army videos on that
page I don't check that page at all so
if you sent me messages there i'm sorry
i don't even go to that page anymore but
that's the page name and that's it um
what else is new like I told you ladies
before I'm dealing with someone's very
sick in my family through a stage four
cancer and it's terminal so most of our
free time is being spent with that
person and just trying to make peace
with what's going on and that's why you
guys haven't seen in a while a lot going
on right now for me um and anybody who
has dealt with a family who provides
cancer and it is terminal you know
exactly what I'm going through you're
watching
when you love die slowly it's absolutely
nothing to do so it's been a really sad
time in my life and I haven't wanted to
make videos I have been watching some
videos and I'm sitting all the crazy
stuff has been going on YouTube but I
haven't made music heals so this is me
just update you guys I dance drink my
hair I know this is actually to see my
last straightening video was me doing
the split ender and even then I didn't
really put a lot of heat to my hair I
maybe put i did a light flat amount of
light flat on well i did a lie flat on
but i did a light blow-dry it was i'm
like the medium setting i get a flat art
and that flat on was like on I want to
say 200 or maybe 250 was like on nothing
my hair it was a joke my hair was still
comfy when I was done and this time with
everything my hair isn't going through I
have been natural since june and I'm
starting to get those two strand knots
it into my hair and it became so crazy
that and one day I was cutting out at
least 30 knots in my hair and I figured
it was uneven change because I really
didn't know how to control those knots
and you know kind of asked a couple
people off you to some of the people
that I knew maybe they knew how to deal
with it and no one no one knows and I
never got that memo when I was going
even while transitioning I guess because
the ends of my hair would still have
palm on it so they didn't curl around
itself but now that there's no perm on
my hair when my hair is wet it curls up
and it wraps around itself it creates
enough those are called either fairy
knots or to try and not so that's what
I've been dealing with and haven't been
a fan of it so i decided to lightly blow
dry my hair and i was going to do a
whole bunch of mini twists in my hair
but once i flat iron it not flattering
but blow dried it I figured why not just
straighten it just go all out straighten
it so I did and and the reason what made
me keep going after I blow dried it is
that when I boat out it came pretty
straight and I picked up just some
rinky-dink product from marshalls and
its high shine
straightening balm I don't even know if
you can see this and this isn't a
product review but this is something I
picked up and I put this on my hair
actually spray my life and have it I
don't even have it but I did spray my
heat protector on by silk elements and
then i put a little bit of this one and
this is like a i guess it's like a bomb
you see I put a little bit of this on
and it actually helped release trade my
hair out by just blow drying so I can I
just decided to go ahead and slide on so
this is what it looks like um to get
these curls I actually just use flexi
rods and i'll show you what i use if you
check out my old channel there is a
video on there called the ponytail flexi
rod set and i just put the same thing
show you where I did really quickly I
put my hair up in a high ponytail and I
took about six of these with the I use
of scrunching took about six of these
and just roll rolled it up and that was
pretty much it and I'll show you guys
what my hair looks like this was done uh
this is just sec you today I've had it
straight this one I have to be honest
it's a nice change my hair was my hair
was becoming ridiculous of hard to
manage and with the knots at the end of
it you know I tried protective styles
that kind of didn't even take the knocks
away I didn't know what to do so I just
straightened it um and it has layers in
it and I'll put pictures up maybe i'll
put them before so maybe you guys have
already seen them by the time you see
this my hair has really really grown out
since the last cut the last time I cut
it was it's in one of my old videos I
want to say februari March februari
march i cut about three to four inches
off maybe three inches a little bit
between my three three-and-a-half out of
milk and that was just me cutting most
of the relaxer off and after that that's
double this I had a little bit relax on
the top but that was pretty much it so
my hair does have layers this was not
done a purpose this is just the way the
I'm kind of grout in my hair and this is
just the way this is accidental all
right I'm notta lotta guys